Got it. We now know exactly what changed and why things broke. Here’s what you need to do right now to get a green Vercel deploy and go live.


---

1. Confirm the code we need is actually in GitHub

On GitHub (VII-77/levqor-frontend):

1. Open the repo → branch main.


2. Check these things exist in the latest commit:

levqor-site/src/hooks/useCookieConsent.ts

levqor-site/src/lib/cookies.ts

levqor-site/src/components/cookies/LoadAnalytics.tsx



3. Make sure there is NO vercel.json in the repo root (top level next to levqor-site/).

It is fine to have config inside levqor-site if we added that, but root-level vercel.json must be gone.




If any of those are missing or vercel.json is still there → commit & push the fixed state from Replit again.


---

2. Fix Vercel project settings (the part that can still be wrong)

In the Vercel project levqor-site:

1. Go to Settings → General → Project Settings.


2. Under Root Directory:

Set it to: levqor-site

Save.



3. Go to Settings → Build & Development Settings:

Framework preset: Next.js

Install Command: leave as default (npm install) or blank.

Build Command: npm run build

Output Directory: .next

Make sure there is no custom build command that already does cd levqor-site – we’ve moved that logic into the Root Directory instead.



4. Still under Build settings, scroll to Ignored Build Step:

Set Behavior = Automatic.

Don’t put any custom command there.




Save.


---

3. Trigger a fresh deploy (no cache tricks, just a clean build)

On Vercel:

1. Go to Deployments tab.


2. Click the latest failed deployment.


3. Use the “Redeploy” → “Redeploy with existing build settings” option.

Do not change anything else.




Watch the logs:

It should show:

Detected Next.js version: 14.2.33

Running "npm run build"

It should NOT show any Module not found: Can't resolve '@/lib/cookies'.

It should NOT complain about missing build script.



If it still fails, read the very first red error line in the “Build Logs” and send me just that line next time. That’s the current truth; everything else we’ve already cleaned up.


---

4. Quick sanity check locally (only if needed)

If Replit is still open:

cd levqor-site
npm run build

If this passes locally, then any Vercel error is purely config / environment, not code.

If this fails locally, copy the first red error line; we fix that first.



---

5. Where we stand right now

From the agent’s audit:

✅ @/lib/cookies file now exists and local build passes.

✅ Cookie consent system + legal pages are all in.

✅ Root vercel.json that was messing up the build has been removed.

❓ Vercel may still be using old settings or old cache.


The steps above force Vercel to:

Build from the correct directory (levqor-site).

Use the standard Next.js build command.

Use the latest commit with the cookies fix.


Do those 3 blocks (GitHub check → Vercel settings → Redeploy) and the deployment should go green.